Character Chronicles
Dingzhen------Litang King
Name: Ding Zhenzhu
Livestock date: May 7th, 2001
Gender: Male
Race: Tibetan (Kangba)
Birthplace: Zetong Village, Lamaya Township, Litang County, Garze Prefecture, Sichuan Province
Followers: Little Horse Pearl, Racing Horse Qinglong
a
a
a

Main events:
Demon Child Descends
On November 12, 2020, he became popular on the internet due to his uncle's video of stomping on his younger brother Nima Pearl. (Official debut)
a) Do you urge my younger brother to go to school
i. Yes (2)
Ii. No (1)

On November 17, 2020, he obtained the iPhone 12 Pro. That morning, he officially signed a contract with Litang County Cultural Tourism and Sports Investment Development Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Litang Tourism Investment) in Garze Prefecture, Sichuan Province;
a) Whether to sign a contract with Litang Tourism Investment
i. Yes: Obtain iPhone 12 Pro (learn to take selfies)
That evening, the details of the contract were exposed online, and "Signing a state-owned enterprise with a monthly salary of 3500 yuan" became a hot search. (No. 23) (Government support)
Ii. No: Start live streaming (3)

3. Du Dong, General Manager of Litang Tourism Investment: This is too sudden. I haven't encountered it in a small county before! I haven't slept much since the 12th, and the team is very anxious every day. They are worried that excessive consumption will damage their children, which is not good for Ding Zhen and Litang. However, they are also worried about rejecting this and that, and in the end, it will cool down - it's not easy for the small county town to become popular once! (Last line of defense)
a) Persuade Du Dong
i. Want to see human friends (successful)
Ii. I want to contribute to the development of Litang (failure) (3)









Ascending the Divine Long Rank
1. Online live streaming: Born by the mother;
May I ask which province you are from, Ang? Just tell me for yourself
a) It was born to my mother (laughs)
b) Thinking about (supercomputer), you start to think about what the sound "sheng" really means. You think of the blue sky and white clouds in Litang, the little horse and pearl, the carefree life of herding cows, and the love for your mother... Well, isn't "sheng" the meaning of "life"! Of course I am
i. Mom gave birth to it (laughs: netizens are so interesting)
Ii. Other answers (b)
After being reminded by the host, you realized that sheng meant "province" and were amused by yourself, so you decided to
a) Smile again (second paragraph smile)
b) Avoid the camera
Playing in the water, do you record and take photos
a) Yes (Kangba Hanzi)
b) No
k
2. United Nations statement (April 22, 2021)

3. Night of Microblog (June 12, 2021, Shanghai center Building)
You were invited to participate in the Weibo Night event. Before taking the stage, the planner told you several times about the process of the event, and you basically remembered it in your heart. It's almost time for you to take the stage, and you don't feel very comfortable with traditional Tibetan clothing. You choose
a) Scratch it
b) Just hold on for a moment
Hearing the host call out your name, you walked onto the stage, took a marker from the guide girl's hand, and signed on the background board. You follow the process to the center of the stage, wave your hand and greet the audience. At this point, you feel your crotch itching again. you
a) Put your hand into your pants and scratch it
b) Forcefully hold back (After finishing, you found Cheese Snow Leopard, hoping he could be a little gentler...)
Finally feeling a little better, you have completed the remaining process.

